feat(provider): add transip.nl (#921)
qdm12/ddns-updater: docs/transip.md

# TransIP

## Configuration

### Example

```json
{
  "settings": [
    {
      "provider": "transip",
      "domain": "example.com",
      "ip_version":  "ipv4",
      "ipv6_suffix": "",
      "username": "username",

>       "key": "-----BEGIN PRIVATE KEY-----...-----END PRIVATE KEY-----"

Reviewer: Is this given as a single line from transip?

    }
  ]
}
```

### Compulsory parameters

- `"domain"` is the domain to update. It can be `example.com` (root domain), `sub.example.com` (subdomain of `example.com`) or `*.example.com` for the wildcard.
- `"username"`
- `"key"`

### Optional parameters

> - `"ip_version"` can be `ipv4` (A records), or `ipv6` (AAAA records) or `ipv4 or ipv6` (update one of the two, depending on the public ip found). It defaults to `ipv4 or ipv6`.

Reviewer: ttl should be added as an optional parameter.

> - `"ipv6_suffix"` is the IPv6 interface identifier suffix to use. It can be for example `0:0:0:0:72ad:8fbb:a54e:bedd/64`. If left empty, it defaults to no suffix and the raw public IPv6 address obtained is used in the record updating.

Reviewer: (from master branch)

```suggestion
- `"ipv6_suffix"` is the IPv6 interface identifier suffix to use. It can be for example `0:0:0:0:72ad:8fbb:a54e:bedd/64`. If left empty, it defaults to no suffix and the raw temporary IPv6 address of the machine is used in the record updating. You might want to set this to use your permanent IPv6 address instead of your temporary IPv6 address.
```

## Domain setup

1. Log in to the [TransIP control panel](https://www.transip.nl/cp/).
2. Under your account, go to the [API settings](https://www.transip.nl/cp/account/api/).

> 3. Enable the API.\
> ![A toggle showing the API status as on](../readme/transip1.png)
> 4. Add a key pair. Make sure to uncheck the checkbox to only accept IP addresses from the whitelist.\
> ![A table listing the key pairs](../readme/transip2.png)
> 5. Copy your private key, and store it in your config file.\
> ![A snippet of a generated private key](../readme/transip3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Enable the API.

    ![A toggle showing the API status as on](../readme/transip1.png)

4. Add a key pair. Make sure to uncheck the checkbox to only accept IP addresses from the whitelist.

    ![A table listing the key pairs](../readme/transip2.png)

5. Copy your private key, and store it in your config file.

    ![A snippet of a generated private key](../readme/transip3.png)
```
